Document: Scraped Content from www.blockchain.com
Source: www.blockchain.com

and startups. Peter Smith Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder

Peter is CEO and co-founder of Blockchain.com, one of the world’s largest and most popular crypto platforms, serving tens of millions of consumers and thousands of institutions since 2011. Evolving from early Bitcoiner to developer to CEO of a multinational company, Peter has worked tirelessly to accelerate crypto adoption and build a financial system for the internet. 
After co-founding and advising the company in its early days, Peter stepped into the role of CEO in 2014 and immediately raised $40M – the largest venture capital round for any crypto company at the time. His vision of crypto wallets serving as gateways to crypto – just as web browsers had for the internet – encouraged tech veterans like GV and entrepreneurs like Richard Branson to invest in the industry early.
Under Peter’s leadership, Blockchain.com has evolved into a leading crypto partner in both the retail and institutional domain. Its retail operations include a global exchange with more than $100M in daily trading volume and a robust brokerage with over 85M crypto wallets across 200 countries. In 2019, Peter led the development of an Institutional Markets arm that has since partnered with thousands of clients to trade $15B+, provide $8B+ of credit and structured debt, and create bespoke solutions for active trading, lending, mining, and DeFi. 
What began as a small outfit in the center of York, England, has now grown into a distributed, office-based and remote hybrid team spanning more than 23 countries across six continents. World-class leaders formerly of Citadel, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, Coinbase, Uber, and Ripple dot the company’s ranks, and the talent and experience of its board of directors has no equal within crypto. Throughout extreme volatility, Peter has been a steady hand and a champion for transformation. 
After a modest upbringing in rural America, Peter developed a global perspective living, studying, and working in the US, Europe, MENA, East Africa, and Asia. A World Economic Forum Technology Pioneer, he is frequently cited as an authority on cryptocurrencies and the potential impact they’ll have across the world.
Peter is passionate about crypto’s ability to provide access to financial freedom. With a long-term mindset, he believes crypto represents a multi-decade paradigm shift in how the world uses money. A developer at heart, he remains focused on providing truly useful products that people need, not just trading tools that people want. His vision is to build not just the largest crypto platform, but the largest financial services company in the world.